hello all yourself hunter is this me
tell you about the graphite block from home
the big reactor and also show how it
do and how to use so for
start you need to craft
graphite blog
you can make it out of nine graphite
ingots to get
graphite ingot needed
use either charcoal or wood
coal
process them in any furnace and
complete the process get graphite
ingot one any coal one graphite
sledak so let's get those charcoal
best of course process
charcoal so how to get it
very simple unlike ordinary coal
the more usually coal can still
diverges for another craft and since
only you get certain
the number of graphite blocks you need
they must be placed in the reactor
for cooling and so here i have
the rector works without cooling and we
see the temperature
how much energy does it produce and
how many consumes fuel off and
let's install these graphite ones
blocks they are needed for cooling here
set
close and turn on again we see that
the temperature first became lower
the amount of energy that he developed
the amount of fuel that has become higher
it consumes has also become lower that is
efficiency of this reactor
increased and it's pretty and
optimal parameters for these reactors
in principle, you can instead of these
graphite ingots more precisely blocks
use other items for
cooling for example from other mods here
this liquid here is two sadists
requisitioned red stone but by
efficiency to be honest is not very
much inferior
ordinary graphite block but that
the reactor produces a little more energy and
consume again a little more
fuel that is, if you bring the same
Fuel consumption for the parameters
energy will turn out the same thing all the more
our graphite it cools the reactor better
not much better but we are fine
see also I tried with others
thermal expansion fluids
cool these reactors but nothing
more efficient and better graphite block i
I did not find that there is a graphite block
first very simple craft second
very effective work at least
on this version of this mod as on
previous honestly I do not know the version
you can find out in the description for this
video and put it on like
subscribe to my channel and see you soon
meeting